Add spec for web3inbox (#365)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/specs/meta-clients/web3inbox/README.md

# Web3Inbox SDK Overview

The Web3Inbox SDK will combine functionality of
[Push](../../clients/push/README.md) and [Chat](../../clients/chat/README.md) 
into one offering by giving access to the [Web3Inbox](https://web3inbox.com)
inner state and user interface. 

> This will model the inner "W3I proxy" state manager in Web3Inbox.com, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This spec aims to model the inner "W3I proxy" state manager in Web3Inbox.com, 
```
